(Chaos-Module): Add docs for the new AWS ECS task misconfiguration, network-restrict and HTTP chaos faults (#1256)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/technical-reference/chaos-faults/aws/ecs-update-container-resource-limit.md

---
id: ecs-update-container-resource-limit
title: ECS Update Container Resource limit
---

ECS update container resource limits allows you to modify the CPU and memory resources of containers in an Amazon ECS (Elastic Container Service) task. This fault determines the behavior of your ECS tasks when their resource limits are changed, and verifies the scalability and resilience of your ECS tasks under different resource configurations.

![ECS Update Container Resource Limit](./static/images/ecs-update-container-resource-limit.png)

## Use cases

> This fault modifies the resource limits of a container by updating the task definition associated with the ECS service or task. It allows you to simulate scenarios where containers experience changes in their allocated resources, which may affect their performance or availability. For example, you can increase or decrease the CPU or memory limits of a container to test how your application adapts to changes in resource availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the resource limits of a container by updating the task definition associated with the ECS service or task. It allows you to simulate scenarios where containers experience changes in their allocated resources, which may affect their performance or availability. For example, you can increase or decrease the CPU or memory limits of a container to test how your application adapts to changes in resource availability.
```
